Link to Narwhal docs throughout Learn section and in FAQ (#3765)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/learn/sui-compared.md

Sui further expands this approach to more involved transactions that may explicitly depend on multiple elements under their sender's control, using an [object model](../build/objects.md) and leveraging [Move](../build/move/index.md)'s strong ownership model. By requiring that dependencies be explicit, Sui applies a "multi-lane" approach to transaction validation, making sure those independent transaction flows can progress without impediment from the others.

> This doesn't mean that Sui as a platform never orders transactions with respect to each other, or that it allows owners to only affect their owned microcosm of objects. Sui will also process transactions that have an effect on some shared state, in a rigorous, consensus-ordered manner. They're just not the default use case. See the [State-of-the-art consensus](#state-of-the-art-consensus) section for details on the [Narwhal and Tusk consensus engine](architecture/consensus.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doesn't mean that Sui as a platform never orders transactions with respect to each other, or that it allows owners to affect only their owned microcosm of objects. Sui also processes transactions that have an effect on some shared state in a rigorous, consensus-ordered manner. They're just not the default use case. See the [State-of-the-art consensus](#state-of-the-art-consensus) section for details on the [Narwhal and Tusk consensus engine](architecture/consensus.md).
```

Author: Good stuff!
